This is a request under the Maryland Public Information Act, as amended and listed in title 4 of the general provisions of Maryland’s state code. I wish to inspect and receive a copy of:

1) An electronic spreadsheet in a Microsoft-importable format (.txt, .csv, .xls, .mdb) showing the salary of every employee of Baltimore County. The spreadsheet should include, but not be limited to: employee name, employee title, department, hire date, annual salary. If you use a code to delineate departments, job titles and/or divisions, please provide any separate spreadsheets as needed for defining those codes (eg. A01 - "County Executive's office").

2) An electronic spreadsheet in a Microsoft-importable format (.txt, .csv, .xls, .mdb) showing the actual gross pay of every employee for a one-year period coinciding with the 2011 calendar year, the 2012 calendar year, the 2013 calendar year, the 2014 calendar year and the 2015 calendar year, as displayed on W2 records. The "actual gross pay" should include overtime, expenses and other disbursements that would be added to the employee's annual salary. The spreadsheet should include, but not be limited to: employee name, employee title, department, hire date, pay type (for example, hourly, weekly, yearly, etc.,.), annual base salary and annual overtime . If you use a code to delineate departments, job titles and/or divisions, please provide any separate spreadsheets as needed for defining those codes. (eg. CC001534   - "Logistics manager - full time"). 
 
3) If any calendar year of records is unavailable, I also wish to obtain a copy of any document retention schedule or policy that determines how long such records are maintained before deletion. 

As you know, state public information laws provide that if portions of a document are exempt from release, the remainder must be segregated and disclosed. Therefore, I request that you provide all nonexempt portions of the records I have requested, and ask that you justify any deletions by reference to specific exemptions of the public information act. 

I reserve the right to appeal your decision to withhold any materials. I also agree to pay reasonable search and duplication fees in connection with this request. Please contact me in advance if it will cost more than $100 to fill this request. 

As I am making this request in the capacity of a journalist for The Baltimore Sun and as this information is of timely value, I would appreciate your calling or e-mailing, rather than communicating by mail, should you have any questions regarding this request. Thank you for your attention to this matter. I look forward to receiving your reply promptly, as required by law.
